We're going to have some Russian teachers at school tomorrow, and I'm welcoming the visitors.
How do I do that?
Lingling, you know, in Russia, people usually kiss three times.
Left? Right? Left.
What? No, I didn't know that.
But we Chinese often shake hands and smile when we meet visitors.
And sometimes we nod our heads.
But we never kiss. Only parents and children do that.
That's because people do different things in different countries.
So what do people in the US usually do when they meet?
In the US, some people shake hands and some kiss or hug each other.
In India, people put their hands together and nod their heads.
And do you know what marry people in New Zealand do when they meet?
No, what do they do?
They touch noses.